What is the most basic example of using select?
Can I use emojis in EdgeDB?
What scalar types does EdgeDB have?
How do I make a byte literal?
Can I use emojis in byte strings?
What kinds of numeric types does EdgeDB implement?
What is the difference between fixed size and unlimited types?
How do I create a uuid?
How do I make a datetime?
How do I declare a duration?
How do I make a json variable?
Why can't I cast bytes to string?
What basic scalar types exist in EdgeDB?
How do I use an array?
How do I get an element from an array?
Can I cast an array to a different type?
What is the difference between tuples and arrays?
Can tuples be nested?
Can arrays be put in tuples?
How do I access a tuple element?
How can I get a nested tuple element?
How do I make a named tuple?
Why should I use named elements in tuples?
How do I cast a tuple to a different type?
How do I cast an object to a JSON?
Why are local datetimes special?
What is the difference between duration, relative_duration and date_duration?
How do I use logical operators in EdgeDB?
How do I compare two numbers?
Can I compare a string to a number?
What happens if I compare two strings using < ?
Are durations comparable?
How do I calculate a cubic root?
Why can't I add a limited and unlimited float?
Can I add datetimes?
What happens if I add different types of durations?
How can I index a string?
Can I get a slice of a string?
What do negative indices mean?
How do I concatenate two strings together?
How do I merge arrays?
How do I concatenate tuples?
What's a set in EdgeDB?
How do I make a set?
What kinds of functions does EdgeDB implement?
How do I get the length of a string?
What happens if I pass a set to an element-wise function?
What if I pass two sets to a function with two arguments?
How do I know if a function is expecting a set as input?
How do I get the length of an array?
How do I calculate a min element in an array?
What does union do?
What does distinct do?
Can I nest sets?
How do I check if an element is present in an array?
How do I check if all elements are present in an array?
What is the EdgeDB's implementation of None?
What does EdgeDB return when do values are present?
Are there nulls?
How do I test if a set is empty?
What happens if I call a function on an empty set?
How do I merge an empty set with a non-empty set?
What pitfalls should I avoid when working with empty sets?
Is there a ternary operator?
What is the equivalent of Python's X if Y else Z in EdgeDB?
How do I compare a set to an empty set?
What are object properties?
How do I query all properties of an object?
For an object called User with a property called name, how do I get all User.name's?
How do I get a specific property from every instance of an object?
I have an object User with a property called Name, where Name has first_name and last_name. How do I get all last names?
What's a backlink?
How do I use a backlink?
What's a path expression?
What's a shape?
How do I filter a query by property?
I have an object User with a property called Favorites, where Favorites has name. How to I get all Favorites that belong to a specific user using a backlink?
How to I find entries whose name starts with a substring?
How do I get a mean of a set in EdgeDB?
How can I calculate a variance of a set of values?
How do I fetch a nested structure?
What does @ symbol mean in front of a field name?
Can I have nested selects?
What does detached do?
How do I add a computed property called above_average?
How does with block work?
How do I make a polymorphic query?
What does [is Type] mean?
How do I insert data?
What is the best way to insert data and immediately fetch it?
Is there a for loop in EdgeDB?
How do I do a nested insert?
How can I update a value of an object?
How do I add an element to a set of values in EdgeDB?
How do I delete an entry?
Does EdgeDB implement upsert?
What is the best way to write select-or-insert?
